welcome to day with your reviews I'm
Dave III and this is the canon powershot
elph 310 HS and is one of two compact
cameras canon just came out with i did
an unboxing video of this if you haven't
seen it or would like to see it open an
tation on the screen and you can go
watch that if you really want to watch
me unbox it let's get into the review
shall we so first of all I think this is
a pretty fantastic camera and I would
recommend it very highly and there
really isn't much bad i could say about
it but that might depend on how you're
going to use it so i'll talk about that
more throughout the video though now to
start off let's go over some basic
features that you can find you know on
the Canon website now first and foremost
it's slim and lightweight as a 28
millimeter angle lens and it's 12.1
megapixels it has an 8x optical zoom it
has an optical image stabilizer for
video it shoots in full 1080p video it
has a high-speed burst mode for photos a
slow-motion video mode a 3-inch LCD
screen but is not touch face detection
which is more for auto focus and it has
special scene modes which are basically
effects and filters that you can use for
photos or video now like I said it I
think it's pretty fantastic but it'll
really depend on what you want to use it
for if this camera is really gonna be
good for you or not like me I use it for
more personal things like vlogging and
just taking pictures you know like with
my friends or I'm just out somewhere and
I take a picture of like you know
something random like I took quite a few
pictures at the lake or you know it's
fall and the leaves are turning it took
some pictures of that it's it you know
just kind of whatever so if you're more
like me and using for more personal
stuff you know if you travel even a lot
to there's probably a really great
camera to have with its video and photo
qualities to it but if you're going to
be using it for professional purposes
which I don't really know why you would
but it's not going to be good for that
it's definitely more just a personal
kind of use camera now that might be
obvious since it's a compact camera but
I I still think I should throw that out
there and say that well I think it's a
great camera it might not be suited for
every single purpose
like for instance it is not good of
taking action shots like if something is
in motion it gets very blurry if you
take a picture of it you can take video
of it that's just fine but if you're
trying to take a picture of something of
some sort of motion like for instance a
soccer game like my dad he borrowed this
camera to try to use it during a soccer
game that my sister was playing in and
the shots came out very blurry and it
didn't really work out too well he
wanted to try it though because it takes
very good pictures in low-light though
another thing that it well may not be a
big like Khan is something that bothers
me is that it shoots only in 24 frames
per second and not 30 which is not
that's like bad but it's just because
that I forgot that and I was rendering
videos I edited that I film with this in
30 frames per second and I have two
videos on my vlog channel right now that
were rendered than 30 frames per second
and were shot with this camera and I
think the quality looks very poor and
I'm sure it affects the quality a
tremendous melt when you render it wrong
you know FPS especially with more than
one you filmed it in so that's just
something really more to keep in mind if
you do get to camp and do edit with it
because the standard is usually 30 so
you need to remember render it or
exporting or whatever you want to call
it into 24 frames per second so
basically some cons it I mean like I
said that's not too much bad i can
honestly say that the camera but it does
not take good action shots and it only
films in 24 frames per second which
really looks fine it's hardly a con but
it's something worth mentioning and
something again you really need to keep
in mind but there are also really good
things about this camera like i briefly
mentioned it takes really good pictures
in low light i see this picture it looks
fine you know whatever the thing about
it is is that all the lights in the room
were off and only the flesh was only
light so the flash load up the entire
room and it took a pretty good picture I
think that's pretty awesome I mean you
may not be taking a lot of pictures like
that but I found that to be really cool
this picture was our hallway it's from
our living room which it looks pretty
good and that day it was really cloudy
and real
like overcast kinda and our house is
mostly lit by our windows and if there
is a much sunlight coming in or if it
looks really cloudy then it doesn't
light up very well so it was very dark
in this room when I took that picture
even though it was during the afternoon
but with the flash it looked really
fantastic like it looked really really
good now of course I've taken a lot of
video with this too like I said it takes
1080p video i have a blog channel you
can go watch the videos on there if you
really want to see them but like i said
before is that i rendered some of them
in 30 frames per second when I should
have run into them 24 so the quality of
a couple those videos are my fault and
not the cameras but overall like when I
was looking at the raw footage and all
that it looks really good and like 1080p
video on this small little camera is
pretty amazing I I find it to be
incredible that it can even take that
much and with such a wide angle lens you
get so much in it like so i should like
when you're vlogging you're holding the
camera like those like an idiot but you
get like you know your whole like head
in the shot and like things behind you
and it makes it more interesting like
the shot and it's not just like your
face like all smushed into the frame and
i think it's really great so overall I'm
really happy with this camera and like I
said it's it's great purchase personal
use and vlogging for you know quite a
bit much just keep it in my pocket it's
like you know lightweight and slim like
I said and it I just carry around
everywhere and use it you know whatever
I want and it's it's really awesome and
I really like it on its the microphones
like four videos on top you got to kind
of be careful if you know you're putting
your fingers all over and then it starts
sound really weird you know and
obviously like if it's really windy it's
not it'll be kind of hard to hear with
the audio so I'm really happy with this
camera i'm glad i bought it and it just
takes great pictures it takes great
video and i i i i don't know how much I
could say but like I think it's
fantastic and I would highly recommend
it to anyone who's using it personal
uses such like myself you want to learn
more or instead of you know just
watching this whole thing again you can
read my blog post about it which is
basically the same thing as what I
just said now just in text format may be
a little more detailed just because I
can get text down easier than I can yap
remember the camera and I'll have all
the picture example as I show down here
and basically everything I've said will
be in the blog too so you can go read
that or read it again or refer that to
somebody something like that you know so
I hope you enjoyed this review and hope
it was helpful and I will see you guys
next time be sure to subscribe and like
and share this video if you thought it
was interesting and i'll put a link
below to the camera on the canon website
so you want to buy it pro tip your spy
from amazon it's a little cheaper
they're just saying I'm just saying i'll
put a link to that too okay don't buy